base this is alpha 1 beginning our
patrol route 1 came here for throat copy
base alpha team status check alpha two
standing by count to three standing by
up before standing by half of five
what's your status now 45 you copy Doug
do you copy yeah what's up just need a
status check okay yeah I am good okay
base all pilots are checked in we're
beginning our ascent up team checked
wingwalk alpha to block them standing by
alpha 3 status is locked I'll before
locked and ready half of 5 please check
your wing Lok Doug that's you yeah
what's up Doug you gotta say alpha 5 no
problem out with us no no your alpha 5
i'm alpha 1 okay cease its self one but
as long as you've got it who made this
guy alpha one of my rice Doug what the
fuck are you talking about god damn it
Doug general our cases made Steve alpha
1 that's why he's alpha 1 he made you
alpha 5 because you've never flown a
fucking spaceship before everyone just
calm down okay alpha 5 we need every
pilot we can get right now just try to
do your bag out something ten klicks out
looks like a reconnaissance ship let's
hope we're that lucky repin status alpha
2 Lofton standing by alpha three weapons
are standing by alpha four weapons are
locked
alpha 5 jesus fucking christ Doug oh my
bad alpha dog here no Doug your alpha 5
not Doug or some other fucking bullshit
and when I asked for our your weapon
system elba five look out oh great there
was a fucking war hero